warning the following video contains
griefing and trolling if you are
offended by the misery and or
humiliation of others please close the
video now enjoy
hi guys hardcore here and I'm going to
be showing you guys a troll video I've
done a world Warcraft now instead of
normal ganking where I just find low B's
like that particular person and just
mercilessly slaughter them for my
amusement and I say my boredom we're
gonna be doing a little bit of a twin
ganking I guess you could say it's gonna
involve timeless Isle and simple evolved
attacking our own faction as well as the
possibility of the opposing faction in
order to do this you need the following
the sensor of eternal agony which is
bought on timeless Isle for 1,000
timeless coins by an NPC up by where
who'll on spawns you also need a way to
get across in the Falls Bridge or doses
sanctuary in order to do this you can
use a crane statue if you're not use it
during the week the legendary cloak soul
fall or levitate or any other means to
get across a bridge a class of a
knock-back spell such as typhoon
thunderstorm Power Shot or two glyph of
explosive trap note using a class of
race that has an invisibility or stealth
such as Night Elf shadow meld the Druids
brawl or hunters camouflage is preferred
alright now that we got that out of the
way I'll show you guys on the footage I
did it with two of my very poorly geared
also which makes this a lot more funnier
nothing pisses players off more to being
killed by somebody's incredibly GIMP if
you're offended by somebody such as
myself who clicks then you might want to
avert your eyes or you're gonna be
seething with rage enjoy the grief and
guys this guy's afk buddy
what they call Japanese hurricane
typhoon get off my Mountain bitch oh
shit
come on dude come across I'm totally not
waiting here
not at all typhoon pitched up howdy
thank you for not killing me even though
I hit you I have nothing funny for this
once a typhoon a challenger approaches
oh and he wants a fight come on come
here come here I could take what you can
give your as Gimp as I am
and my cooldown solos back it's all
about positioning in this game my friend
is you're about to find out by foon
dumbass no to get here as a mage you get
to slow fall or blink or didn't either
idiot
and here comes another victim there goes
another victim splat yeah I don't blame
me for her stunning hunter traps
actually a little bit better than being
upfront with my druid
and goodbye my dear bubble
well played the hunter stalks his
unsuspecting prey he thinks he is safe
sitting on this bridge
does he know actually my shoes ass off
who does he know he's about to go flying
goodbye you dumb dumb dumb dumb deaf
night all right so the next set of traps
where the hell did he oh he's lying his
ass off all right
like a merciful not sure which but screw
it
you're gonna flying home boy thanks for
stopping by
who the hell are you hitting I don't
know where the fuck you think you're
going dick alright as guy doesn't see me
I don't know what that okay um I don't
know you're looking at over there buddy
up a little late Fred soulstone buddy
what the hell are you up to and don't
get too close I don't need you to detect
me insert Merkin me I see trying to get
down there safely let me help you off
that typhoon damn bubble
I love these traps so damn much you're
really probably the most unfair thing I
could ever use in this well besides this
goodbye dude or bastard
oh thanks it off fuck miss click miss
click shit oh thank god you're bad I
need to get closer
oh crap this guy knows I'm here too
alright see if I could work this one out
oh my god I'm shocked that these people
are joining in order a bunch of lazy
scumbags enough speak of the devil
howdy engineering for the wind that
should do it